5.2.4
Fixed small bug in actioncontroller, causing webhooks to fail if product didn't exist in Magento.

5.2.3
Fixed small bug in configuration, causing javascript error

5.2.2
Added new feature to control if debtor information should be updated

5.2.1
Fixed bug when editing order from admin (Apparently shipping adress is not present).

5.2.0
Fixed minor bug, when checking if module is active on store

5.1.9
Changed VAT calculation to delivery country instead of billing country

5.1.8
Fixed issue with updating stock of bundled products

5.1.7
Fixed issue with undefined storeid

5.1.6
Fixed error with storeid in eapi.php

5.1.5
Made it possible to change URL of the API to be used

5.1.4
Fixed bug in helper/store.php

5.1.3
Fixed problem with capital letter in LogView.php

5.1.2
Fixed issue with callback URL when fetching e-conomic token

5.1.1
Made the module compatible with SUPEE-6788
Added new function. limiting the number of products to be sent to and updated from e-conomic manually.

5.1.0
Fixed issue with using SKU as product id between e-conomic and Magento

5.0.9
Expanded the list of Epay cars

5.0.8
Added function, so inventory location is set on the orderline

5.0.7
Log is now read from the bottom, without opening the entire file - should improve performance on the configuration page
Changed force booking, so current invoices can be created regardless if integrity check fails
It is now possible to use inventory locations

5.0.6
Made the module compatible with Magestores Reward points module
Added new feature, so that discount can be placed on the individual orderlines, i.e. fixes discount an multiple tax errors

5.0.5
Added X-EconomicAppIdentifier header to SOAP request

5.0.4
Fixed problem with VAT id not being transfered when using Magento 1.9

5.0.3
Added new feature to override the integrity check when booking invoices (or updating to current invoices)
Added X-EconomicAppIdentifier as header to soap requests

5.0.2
Fixed problem with credit memo, and discount under certain circumstances

5.0.1
Fixed problem with credit memo and Magento 1.9
Re-enabled automatic order delete function

5.0.0
Added options to control if debtor group should be compared when searching for debtors in e-conomic
Added functionality that inserts contact person on an order if a company name is present.
Changed rule for when a new contact is created (from comparing e-mail to comparing name instead).

4.9.9
Fixed bug in updating product information from e-conomic, causing multiple warnings in log files
Fixed problem with updating debtor group of debtor in e-conomic, when "Always create debtor" is set to No.

4.9.8
Fixed issue with credit memo and fixed/dynamic price of bundled products
Fixed issue with deleting products in e-conomic, when products where deleted in Magento

4.9.7
Fixed problem with VAT and personal EU customers

4.9.6
Fixed URL redirect when using fetching token from e-conomic

4.9.5
Fixed some translation errors

4.9.4
Fixed problem with validating turned off, and order grid always showing orders as validated

4.9.3
Changed URL of e-conomics API to https://api.e-conomic.com/secure/api1/EconomicWebService.asmx?wsdl
Module now converts <br/> to \r\n when sending shipping rate description to e-conomic

4.9.2
Fixed issue with the mass-action on the product grid. When updating Magento items with information from e-conomic an error occured.

4.9.1
Fixed translation error

4.9.0
Fixed issue, creating new debtors when address was edited
Fixed minor bugs in creation of debtor and calculating debtorgroup
Removed all visible warnings from system.log

4.8.9
Changed observer to use sales_order_save_commit_after instead of sales_order_save_after

4.8.8
Fixed issue with editing addresses and "Always create debtor" set to true

4.8.7
Fixed issue with creating credit memos and "Always create debtor" set to true

4.8.6
Fixed issue with ACL and order info menu

4.8.5
Fixed issue with backend product grid and mass actions

4.8.4
Added possibility to use default shipping item, removing the need to map all shipping methods to e-conomic items.

4.8.3
Fixed small error in create product, causing storeid to be 0 when it should not be!

4.8.2
Fixed issue with credit memoes and configurable products

4.8.1
Removed custom part: add telephone to text field

4.8.0
Rewrote credit memo part
Fixed problem with callback URL not being storeview dependant
Added new feature - no booking if validation fails

4.7.5
Fixed problem with countries not being correct because of not being uppercase under some circumstances

4.7.4
Added the possibility to not choose a order status - when determining when to synchonize orders/invoices
Fixed problem with shipping carrier not being present, when using some 3'rd party extensions

4.7.3
Fixed issue in backend loading different websites and storeview configurations

4.7.2
Added setting to control if standard debtor should have it's debtor information updated

4.7.1
Rewrote debtor part, so it handles the different types of creating modes, and can handle tax regardless if "Create new debtors"
No, Yes or Always.
Changed copyright years to 2014

4.7.0
Added grid that contains information about the synchronized (and not synchronized) orders
Removed constraint that order can only be synced once
Added button to the orders, so synchonization can be done directly from the order
Disabled the function - use Magento order number as debtor number

4.3.0
Changed Soap library to use Zend_Soap_Client instead of SoapClient
Added feature so tax is correct based on homecountry, EU and abroad
Added possibility to transfer paymentfee from quickpay
Changed country from transferring country codes to transfer names
Added syncronization of delivery addresses from Magento to e-conomic. Only works on registered customers.

4.2.1
Fixed problem with order discount and tax being wrongly calculated

4.2.0
Added feature to control synchronization of Customers to debtor contacts

Added feature to map credit card types to payment terms when using Quickpay or epay 

Fixed issues with saving settings in multiple storeviews

4.1.4
Changed configuration from using select boxes to now using inout boxes when setting items for shipping, discount and payment fee. 

4.1.3
Added possibility to sync credit notes.
Fixed minor issues

4.0.5
Fixed problem with Integrity check and order upgrade

4.0.2
Added new feature "Integrity check". The feature enables the user to be notified if an error is found in the transfer of a order from e-conomic to Magento.

4.0.1
Removed error when only one item present in e-conomic.

4.0.0
Added new debtor group feature. It is now possible to map Magento customer group to any debtor group in e-conomic 

3.7.0
Integrated EAN module from Nybohansen ApS